A:Defect reports will be available to technical units on a 24x7 basis.
A:The system shall achieve 95% up time.
A:The website shall achieve 99.5% up time.
A:The WCS system shall be available at all times as long as IBM\92s internal intranet W3 is accessible. The WCS system will be available 95% of the time IBM\92s internal intranet W3 is available.
A:The MTBF (if any) should not be less than 2 months.
A:Programmers and application developers will have access to source code to address bugs or system enhancements as deemed necessary. Network Administrator and DBA support is also required to maintain a 24x7 system uptime.
A:The product shall adhere to the corporate online availability schedule.  The application is brought down only within 98% of the scheduled outages per the availability schedule.
A:The system shall have high availability every day of the year.The system must be available for use between 12:00AM and 6:00PM all days of the year.
A:The system shall be available 99.5% of the time.
A:The website is available whenever the users want to use it.
A:The system must be available for use between 7:00AM and 11:59PM all days of the year.
A:The product shall be available for use 24 hours per day 365 days  per year
A:The product shall be available 24 hours per day  seven days per week.
A:Out of 1000 accesses to the system the system is available 999 times.
A:The application should be connected to the Internet.
A:The application should be connected to the GPS device.
A:The system shall provide a contractual agreement with an internet service provider who can provide 99.999% availability through their network facilities onto the internet.
A:The product shall be available during normal business hours. As long as the user has access to the client PC  the system will be available 99% of the time during the first six months of operation.
A:The system will provide a 24 hour 800 toll free number for support to its customers.
A:The application shall have a downtime of at most 10 minutes per year.
A:All the functions of the system must be available to the user every time the system is turned on.
A:Velkat staff will be available for phone support between 7am-7pm  M-F to provide technical support to the Izogn administrators.
A:The product shall achieve a 98% uptime. The product shall not fail more than 2% of the available online time.
A:The system shall provide a contractual agreement with an internet service provider for T3 access with 99.9999% availability.
F:A meeting scheduler system will temporarily reserve the “time slots” for the proposed meeting.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a listing of students to a cohort.
F:The system shall give the mediator privileges to schedule location and equipment resources.
F:The system shall display the most frequently searched items by the user in the profile.
F:The system shall be able to display a printable summary of the system log.
F:The system shall support the ability to perform a receive only operation.
F:The system shall display the orders that are eligible to change.
F:A user must be logged on to be able to view or edit any medical information.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a new clinical site into the system.
F:The system should ask the user to key in the pickup date.
F:The Disputes System must provide the user the ability to initiate a single dispute case on multiple transactions that belong to a single merchant.
F:The user shall enter new ratings based on the audit report
F:The system shall allow user to select the support type he wants.
F:The system shall allow users to send and receive messages.
F:View the details of all employees and control the whole site.
F:For each shot  the product shall notify the players whether the shot was a hit or miss.
F:The system shall enable user to select multiple options on the screen to search.
F:The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved by the system.
F:PME Subsystem shall allow building product menus based on the list of products kept in the accounting system.
F:All registered customer information shall be stored and maintained in the database  even after the customer cancels their account.
F:The Disputes System must allow the users to select disputable transactions (based on the age of the transaction) from a user interface and initiate a dispute (ticket retrieval request or chargeback notification) on the selected transaction.
F:The product shall record all the equipment that has been reserved.
F:Authenticate and Login user to the web app.
F:The product shall end a game when a hit by the offensive player results in sinking the last of the defensive player\92s ships  which had not been previously marked as sunk.
F: Each time a conference room is reserved  the conference room schedule shall be updated to reflect the time and date of the reservation.
F:Enable a logged in user to post answers.
F:The system shall allow a text search that users may use to find mail messages.
F:The notification of the game ending will include the reason the game is ended (i.e.  a player has won the game or a player has ended the game).
F:The website will allow customers to search for movies by title  actor  or director.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to specify which classes are required for a Program of Study
F:The product shall allow a player to position ships horizontally on their grid.
F:The system shall allow users to view other users’ information.
F:The meeting scheduler system may suggest a “virtual meeting” for available “time slots” if no location is available or feasible for the meeting.
F:The Disputes System shall provide update access capability for authorized users of the application.
F:The system shall display the Events in a graph by time.
F:Each account must have a separate identifying account number.
F:The audit report shall include the total score of the audit which sums the indivual line items.
F:For each turn  the product shall allow the offensive player to define a shot.
F:The user shall select to save the preferred repair facility ratings.
F:The product will update existing room equipment.
F:The product shall store new conference rooms.
F:The current repair facility ratings shall be displayed to the user.
F:The system shall search for available recycled parts for the supplied vehicle parts and suppliers.
F:The system shall display clear property images in the search results
F:The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting clinicals  including but not limited to clinical section capacity changes  and clinical section cancellations.
F:The system shall request a user response to initiator or mediator messages.
F:Website shall allow customers to browse movies by categories entered in by izogn administrator.
F:Enable the admin to generate reports which contains all the posts and their corresponding replies.
F:The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting cohorts  including but not limited to changes to the sequence for a cohort\92s program of study and changes to a given week\92s schedule (lab cancelled this week due to instructor illness).
F:Provide feasible solutions to the customers on their complaints and queries.
F:The system search feature should support the use of regular expressions in search.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add new classes to a sequence of classes
F:It must be able to download the most recent medical record.
F:Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to a Clinical Lab Section  including the clinical site name the department/section for the lab  the class instructor day and time of lab and contact information.
F:A Program Administrator/Nursing Staff Member shall be able to add a new nursing student to the system.
F:Once a game is initiated  the product shall allow each player to position their 5 ships on their respective defensive grids.
F:Taking permission from the Administrator for the product to be purchased from vendor.
F:A clinical class shall specify the course name  lecture room requirements  clinical site needs  lecture instructor needs  and clinical lab instructor needs.
F:The user shall select to view the preferred repair facility ratings.
F:The system shall allow user to update the profile information.
F:PME Subsystem shall allow for a product to exist in more than one submenu
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a new clinical lab section for an existing clinical class into the System.
F:The system should require the user to state time when should the doughnut be delivered.
F:The system shall support the ability to perform a send and receive operation.
F:The product shall remove players who have been inactive for 24 hours from the list of players.
F:New and Delete buttons will allow the physician/pharmacist to add a notation to the patient’s file.
F:Icons will clearly illustrate the feature it represents.
F:The product shall allow a player to initiate a game by selecting another available player from the list of players.
F:The product shall update existing conference rooms.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a student who has registered for a clinical class to a clinical lab section for that class.
F:The Disputes System must allow the user to create three unique types of ticket retrieval requests.  The three types of ticket retrieval requests are (1) Request for original receipt (2) Request for a copy of the receipt or (3) Request for a portfolio. A portfolio consists of documentation that would provide proof of a purchase such as the documentation that is received from a car rental agency that is more than a sales receipt.
F:System will allow customers to pay for a streaming movie with a pre-paid card.
F:The system should take the customer name.
F:The system shall allow modification of the display.
F:Each entry is shown in full.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to specify the preferred sequence of classes for a given cohort.
F:The system shall allow user to register for newsletters and surveys in the profile.
F:For each shot  the product shall mark the shot as a hit or miss on the offensive grid of the offensive player.
F:The product shall prevent a player from viewing the offensive or defensive grids of the other player.
F:A Program of Study shall consist of a program name and listing of required classes (both clinical and non-clinical) that must be completed.
F:Customer must logout of the site after purchasing products.
F:The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual clinical labs  which will include (but not be limited to) class name  class number  lab section  listing of students enrolled  instructor  day(s)  time  and location.
F:The system shall be able to display a report of needed classes for a given quarter for all cohorts of all programs for Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members\92 planning purposes.
F:The product shall have an intuitive user interface.
F:The Disputes System shall provide view access capability for authorized users of the application.
F:The system shall allow the mediator to solve a date conflict.
F:The Dispute System shall provide the users with the ability to follow up on a dispute case via follow-up actions.  The list of available follow up actions for a given dispute case must be filtered by the status of the case and the access level of the user.
F:The system shall allow user to specify custom meeting locations.
F:A cohort shall be associated to one Program of Study offered by the department.
F:The audit report shall include the total number of recycled parts used in the estimate.
F:The system shall allow user to select the order to be changed.
F:The system shall debit the user’s account upon withdrawal of funds.
F:Information should be tagged according to who is entering the data.
F:If the leads score falls within the medium average then it will be set for manual verification by an Enrollment Coordinator through the eleads system.
F:Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to a Clinical Site  including the clinical site name  site contact person  contact information  and address.
F:The system should maintain correct schedules of labs and the documentation of all the lab equipment.
F:A staff member shall have the ability to manage the progress of a part time student  which includes modifying their sequence of classes and timeline of classes.
F:The report of needed classes shall include (but not be limited to) classes to be offered  number of sections needed  number of labs needed  and room types needed.
F:The system will notify affected parties for routine communication purposes  including but not limited to informing students of upcoming offered classes (timeline) and what their schedule will be/shall be.
F:The system shall allow user to enter the contact number for support personnel to call.
F:Realtor shall be able to generate a CMA report based on property criteria
F:It must allow a user to logout.
F:The product shall display a map of the company building showing conference room locations.
F:The system shall allow user to view detailed sitemap.
F:Can consult with the Administrator regarding product’s quality and advertisements.
F:The product will display an available status for unreserved conference rooms.
F:The Disputes System shall prevent the creation of duplicate dispute requests 100% of the time.
F:The product shall allow an organizer to invite other employees to meetings.
F:The Disputes System must provide the ability to view existing dispute cases.
F:The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual cohorts  which will include the students enlisted  the Program of study  sequence of classes  cohort progress through the program  and timeline of completion.
F:Enable new users to register to the tech support system.
F:The realtor shall be able to retrieve a map showing property locations for a specified area
F:It must allow a user to download a backup of their medical information.
F:The system shall provide shopping cart during online purchase.
F:The product will notify employees of meeting invitations.
F:When the hit results in sinking a ship  the product shall notify the players that the ship was sunk.
F:The leads washing functionality will validate all leads received by the web service for valid data
F:The system shall notify the realtor when a seller or buyer responds to an appointment request
F:If the leads score falls within the low average then it will be returned to the supplying vendor
F:The display shall have two regions:  left 2/3 of the display is graphical  right 1/3 of the display is a data table
F:All letter requests must be formatted according to guidelines specified by the Print Letter Utility system.
F:A clinical lab section shall include the clinical site name  the class  instructor  day and time of the lab.
F:Information recorded must include an optional field for context.
F:The system shall display only 10 matching result on the current screen.
F:The leads washing functionality will use the parameters supplied by corporate and schools to score part of the lead.
F:The vehicle location shall include street address city state and zipcode
F:A meeting scheduler system will inform the “potential meeting participant” of the meeting.
F:The system shall filter data by: Venues and Key Events.
F:Website shall request  and authorize credit card payment before allowing a user to stream a movie.
F:Keep track of each product item’s stocks for selling purpose.
F:The system shall allow the user to modify the date preference set of an already submitted meeting response.
F: The system shall allow the user to modify the location preference set of an already submitted meeting response.
F:The search radius shall be between 1 and 30 miles
F:The adjuster shall be able to override the preferred repair facitlity on the estimate assignment.
F:For each class within a sequence for a cohort  Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to specify which quarter that class will be offered.
F:The system shall allow the initiator to view the information of any meetings which they initiated.
F:The product shall send a meeting confirmation to the meeting organizer.
F:The system shall enable user to select the shipping method during payment process.
F:The system shall display the shipping charges.
F:The system shall allow the initiator to send and receive messages from users.
F:The system shall allow a user to define the time segments
F:The leads washing functionality will return the lead data supplied to the vendor along with the reason of rejection.
F:The System shall allow entering  storing and modifying product formulas.
F:When the hit results in sinking a ship  the product shall mark the ship as sunk on the offensive grid of the offensive player.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add a new cohort to the system  identified by start month and year.
F:The system should keep the customer contact number.
F:The product will record meeting acknowledgements.
F:The system shall display detailed product categorization to the user.
F:The leads washing functionality shall receive a period list of available reps from the enterprise system.
F:The system shall display Events or Activities.
F:The data displayed in both the nodes within the graph and the rows in the table are MSEL Summary data
F:The system shall optionally allow user to print the invoice.
F:The product shall be able to send meeting notifications via different kinds of end-user specified methods.
F:The leads washing functionality will compile both contact and academic scoring information for a total score.
F:The system shall display detailed information of the selected products.
F:The adjuster shall review the collision estimate.
F:The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using a list of preferred parts suppliers.
F:The system shall notify the user when no matching product is found on the search.
F:A non-clinical class shall specify the course name  lecture room requirements  and instructor needs.
F:A class shall be either a non-clinical class or a clinical class.
F:The Disputes System shall provide the users the ability to view the history of all activities that have occurred on the dispute case.
F:The system shall display all the available financing options.
F:The product shall display conference rooms according to search parameters.
F:Responsible for informing administrator when any product item’s stock goes under the minimum level.
F:For each shot  the product shall mark the shot as a hit or miss on the defensive grid of the defensive player.
F:Product shall allow entering  storing and modifying product menus used by POS terminals.
F:The Disputes System must be accessible by both internal and external users.
F:Once a game is initiated  the product shall display a defensive grid to each player
F:The online registration system is “self-service style” system that shall initially address the student registration needs.
F:Product formulas shall allow use of semi-products  which have own formulas.
F:The system shall resolve the zipcode for the street address  city  and state if zipcode is unknown.
F:The product shall be able to store new room equipment.
F:The system shall display all the available components of the product to configure.
F:Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall be able to create a new Program of Study.
F:The product shall allow the player to position ships vertically on their grid.
F:The system shall display the current tracking information about the order.
F:Consult with the Administrator about the payment details of the customers for the updating of the database.
F:The system shall allow user to confirm the completion of current configuration.
F:If a lead is scored to the high range the system will supply the lead data and score to the enterprise system.
F:The adjuster shall request a recycled parts audit of the collision estimate.
F:The product shall display room equipment according to search parameters.
F:The system shall allow user to enter the order information for tracking.
F:The product shall be able to delete room equipment.
F:The meeting scheduler system shall be able to select a participant as an important participant.
F:The estimator shall apply selected recycled parts to the collision estimate.
F:The system shall validate the amount is available in the user’s account before releasing funds to the user.
F:When the hit results in sinking a ship  the product shall mark the ship as sunk on the defensive grid of the defensive player.
F:The system shall be able to issue a specific amount of money to the user.
F:The Disputes System shall accurately provide a list of possible reason codes for a given transaction.  The list of possible reason codes must be derived based on the type of transaction and the industry that the merchant belongs to  according to the business rules defined for the Disputes System.
F:When the hit results in sinking a ship  the product shall indicate the type of ship sunk on the defensive grid of the defensive player.
F:The system shall allow user to select the product to configure.
F:At the start of each turn  the product shall notify each player of his or her status.
F:The meeting scheduler system may be able to include a list of required equipment for a meeting proposal.
F:The system shall offer a display of all the Events in the exercise.
F:The IQA subsystem shall take into account current inventory status and adjust inventory of substitutionary ingredients accordingly.
F:The System shall allow on demand generation of all Inventory Quantity Adjustment documents since certain point of time.
F:The product shall have a customizable Look and Feel.
F:The user shall be able to get driving directions to a selected property
F:Website must be able to support free trial periods with various parameters set by the Izogn Manager.
F:The system shall allow the mediator to negotiate a meeting date.
F:A description and time/date of each prescription that has been ordered or given is displayed starting with most recent.
F:The leads washing functionality will insert all leads captured by the web service.
F:The system shall allow the mediator to send and receive messages from users.
F:The system shall allow the mediator to negotiate a location / equipment.
F:The system shall allow users to view information concerning the available distributed location templates(if any).
F:The system shall allow the administrator to remove equipment.
F:The product shall allow a player to end a game at any time during the game.
F:The system shall query the user for the amount of money.
F:Daily usage statistics should be logged  and accessible by the administrator.
F:The product shall record different meeting types.
F:The system shall allow the administrator to install additional distributed location templates.
F:The system shall allow the user to modify the date exclusion set of an already submitted meeting response.
F:The system shall color code events according to their variance from current time.
F:Users shall be required to log in to the Cafeteria Ordering System for all operations except viewing a menu.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add new classes for the nursing department into the system.
F:A list of all disputes cases that meet the entered search criteria must be provided to the user.  The list of cases must differentiate the type and/or status of the case by color -coding the line item in the list.  For example all open cases will be yellow and all closed cases will be gray.
F:The audit report shall include the number of available recycled parts from the original search results.
F:The system shall display different shipping options provided by shipping department.
F:The product shall allow the player to position ships diagonally on their grid
F:The font will be larger enough for easy reading.
F:The system should require the user to state time when should the doughnut be delivered
F:The system shall allow user to select available promotion.
F:A list of available patients is displayed after login.
F:When a game is ended  the product shall allow each player to remove himself or herself from the list of players.
F:Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall be able to cancel a clinical lab section only if there are no students registered for that clinical lab section.
F:Can purchase any product through valid credit card.
F:The product shall record the transportation status of equipment reserved.
F:The system shall allow the user to change the password.
F:The system shall provide browsing options to see product details.
F:When a game is ended  the product shall notify the players that the game is ended.
F:The system shall permit only cafeteria staff members who are on the list of authorized Menu Managers to create or edit menus.
F:When both players have positioned their 5 ships on their defensive grids  the product shall define the status of each player for the first turn.
F:The system shall allow user to select the financing option.
F:Any disputes cases that have been closed for over 6 months must be purged from the online disputes database.
F:The Disputes System must provide a confirmation to the user upon the creation of ticket retrieval request that contains the following information; the dispute case number  the type of retrieval requested (copy  original or portfolio)  and the date that the merchant response is due.
F:For each turn  the product shall identify one player as offensive status and one player as defensive status.
F:The system shall provide an option to withdraw money.
F:The audit report shall be available to other adjusters at later points in time.
F:Can view all available products and can compare them and make a choice for purchasing products.
F:Pre-paid cards shall be distributed via email or via a printed paper card.
F:The system shall allow user to create profile and set his credential.
F:The vehicle data shall include vehicle year make and model
F:Formula substitutionary ingredients shall be kept in persisted order
F:It must allow a user to login.
F:The meeting scheduler system may provide the “meeting initiator” a summary of the scan of “potential meeting participants” showing available “time slots” and schedule conflicts as a means of informing the “meeting initiator” of the overall results of the system.
F:The system shall display detailed invoice for current order once it is confirmed.
F:The Disputes System must provide Search functionality.  The search method must include the ability to search by (1) the dispute case number  (2) the merchant account number  (3) the cardmember account number and (4) the issuer number.  In addition to the above criteria  the search functionality must further allow the user to limit the results of the search by a date range  the type of dispute (ticket retrieval request or chargeback notification)  the case status (open  closed or all) and the dispute reason code.
F:Registered User must be able to maintain his/her session information for at least 60 minutes of inactive session before the system prompts him to log out of the system. The registered user must be provided with all the options of the E-store regardless of the time when he/she logs in.
F:Contact with the vendors and give permission to sell their product under the site after testing the product’s quality.
F:The user shall be able to download appointments and contact information for clients
F:The available recycled parts information and their suppliers shall be returned to the user.
F:Enable a logged in user to up vote and down vote answers.
F:Enable a user to view questions and their corresponding answers.
F:The estimator shall search for available recycled parts using damaged vehicle parts information.
F:The system shall give the user an opportunity for the user to choose the selection of doughnut provided.
F:Product formula ingredients shall allow defining substitutionary ingredients.
F:The system shall provide charts for the Activity or Event actual versus assumed time.
F:The system shall display all the products that can be configured.
F:The system shall enable user to enter the payment information.
F:The system will use the stored e-mail addresses as a primary means of communicating information to affected parties.
F:The system shall allow user to choose their preferable topping.
F:New users can sign up by creating new ID.
F:Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to a Program of Study within the Nursing Department including the Program of study name  and required classes for that Program of Study.
F:The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual clinical sites  which will include information on labs being held at that site for the given quarter (Clinical site  general information on labs held at that location  dates and times of all labs held there).
F:The system shall allow the administrator to remove physical locations.
F:The system will notify affected parties when changes occur affecting classes  including but not limited to class cancellations  class section detail changes  and changes to class offerings for a given quarter.
F:If the leads score falls within the high average score then it will be process by the ARA functionality.
F:The system shall allow the initiator to cancel any meetings which they initiated.
F:The system shall provide a history report of changes made to the Activity or Event data
F:Provide an interface for the admin to approve posts so that posts are not visible without admin approval.
F:If the shot was marked as a miss  the product shall change the status of the defensive player to offensive
F:The product shall allow a user to remove himself or herself from the list of players at any time.
F:The product will allow priviledged users to view meeting schedules in multiple reporting views.
F:Can give feedback to the 24X7 Customer Care Service center about their impression for the site and services.
F:Control the database and keep track of all records of customers and employee details.
F:The product will be able to delete conference rooms.
F:The product shall record updated meeting agendas.
F:The audit report shall include the percentage of available recycled parts used in the estimate 
F:The system shall display the FAQ’s upon request.
F:The product shall continue to assign turns until the game is ended.
F:The system shall enable the user to enter their reviews and ratings.
F:The system shall link Events back to either the Sync Matrix 1.0 or the Exercise Managment Tool 1.0 applications for modifications.
F:The vendor will verify the invalid lead.
F:The system shall allow administrators to define negotiation rules for the organization.
F:The table side of the display shall be split into 2 regions: sequential and temporal.
F:The system shall have a MDI form that allows for the viewing of the graph and the data table.
F:The meeting scheduler system shall cancel a meeting due to canceling of an important participant.
F:Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall have the ability to modify information relating to a Nursing Student  including student ID  student name phone number e-mail status (full time or part time) and program of study.
F:Website shall allow the Izogn administrator to approve a review posted by a customer.
F:Backspace/reset capability is implemented for typing errors.
F:The system shall display the online help upon request.
F:The system shall allow user to add/remove products in the shopping cart.
F:The realtor shall be notified of new client appointments after automatic synchronization with office system
F:Enable a registered user to view his profile. Additional information viz. questions asked by him and answers posted by him are also displayed.
F:Program Administrators and Nursing Staff Members shall be able to add clinical classes or sections to a sequence of classes
F:The system shall display the detailed information about the selected order.
F:Website shall allow customers to view reviews of selected movies by other customers.
F:The product shall prevent the player from overlapping ships on their grid.
F:The system shall send an order confirmation to the user through email.
F:Vendors must take permission from the Administrator for selling their products under the site. Administrator will test product’s quality according to its market price to permit vendor for selling purpose.
F:Can only visit the site without registration.
F:The system shall allow the user to view past attended meetings.
F:Most of the system functions will be controlled using the administrative interface.
F:The system will display a blank set of ratings if there are not ratings yet defined.
F:The system shall display tax information for the order.
F:The system shall be able to display a printable summary for individual nursing students  which will include (but not be limited to) student name  student ID  admission date  classes  credits  GPA  and the cohort that the student is enrolled in.
F:Navigation to each selected tab.
F:The product shall record meeting entries.
F:The system shall notify the user about any changes made to the order.
F:The Disputes System must provide a confirmation to the user upon the creation of a chargeback request. The confirmation must contain the following information; the dispute case number  the type of chargeback requested (pending or immediate)  and the date that the merchant response is due.
F:Vendor will submit a credit validation record to be applied to the enterprise billing system.
F:Basic Patient information is showed first.
F:The user must be able to set an option to hide information based on who has tagged it.
F:shall be able to stream purchased movie via Windows Media Player  for up to 2 days aftere purchase date.
F:When a game is ended  the product shall allow each player to identify himself or herself as an available player in the list of players.
F:The Disputes System shall allow the user to create or initiate a chargeback request.  The system must prompt the user to enter the required information to initiate a chargeback request. The chargeback request results in a printed chargeback notification that is sent to merchant indicating that their account will be charged back if no proof is provided that the disputed transaction is valid.
F:The user must be able to add photos from his/her photo library to his/her medical record.
F:The meeting scheduler system may (optionally) automatically propose another meeting if current meeting is canceled by an important participant.
F:It must store the most recent copy of information in its application data folder.
F:The product shall maintain a list of players.
F:PME Subsystem shall allow keeping submenus within menus and products within submenus in a managed and persisted order.
F:Website shall allow customers to add their own movie review for a selected movie.
F:The system shall display all the available promotions to the user.
F:The system shall display data from the Sync Matrix 1.0 and Exercise Management Tool 1.0 applications
F:All information must be viewable on the website.
F:Enable a logged in user to ask questions.
F:Clinical site information shall include (but not be limited to) the name of the site  contact person  and contact information.
F:The product shall assign the organizers contact information to each meeting they create.
F:viewing a movie details the website will display the movies description actor and director entered in by the administrator.
F:The estimator shall search by zipcode with a radius of 30 miles if no parts are found for the preferred parts suppliers
F:The system shall display the local and exercise time in separate clocks
F:The system shall allow user to cancel the order.
F:The system shall display Events in a vertical table by time.
F:The system shall allow users to search  for available distributed location templates(if any).
F:The system shall allow user to confirm the purchase.
F:Responsible for properly allocating the selected product according to the customer’s choice and delivering product to the customer.
F:The system shall allow users to view equipment information.
F:The system shall display the customer support contact numbers on the screen.
F:The system shall allow the user to view their schedule.
F:For each shot  the product shall examine the defensive grid of the defensive player to determine whether the shot was a hit or miss.
F:The system shall locate the preferred repair facility with the highest ratings for the input criteria
F:The product shall allow a user to identify himself or herself as a player.
F:The system shall display tentative duration for shipping.
F:All streaming movie sales will be logged in the database  and accessible by the administrator.
F:All information must be updatable on the website.
F:The audit report shall be displayed to the user.
F:The system shall allow a real estate agent to query MLS information
F:The product shall have the ability to send meeting reminders to employees.
F:The system shall enable user to enter the search text on the screen.
F:The user shall search for the preferred repair facility using vehicle  vehicle location  and radius in miles
F:The System shall generate Inventory Quantity Adjustment document automatically when daily Product Sales data is available.
F:The system shall generate an audit report based on the available recycled parts and the collision estimate.
F:Selected or specified patient’s information is loaded.
F:Prior to submitting the lead to the enterprise system the leads washing functionality will assign the lead to an admissions rep.
F:Students added to a cohort shall be eligible for the cohort\92s Program of Study.
FT:The Operational Interface shall have a Mean Time Between Failures of no less than 7 days.
FT:The product shall operate in offline mode whenever internet connection is unavailable.
FT:The product shall create an exception log of problems encountered within the product for transmission to our company for analysis and resolution.
FT:The reliability of the overall program depends on the reliability of the separate components. The main pillar of reliability of the system is the backup of the database which is continuously maintained and updated to reflect the most recent changes.
FT:The system shall accommodate high number of items and users without any fault.
FT:The system shall flag tablets that fail to send timely keep-alive messages as non-operational and disassociate the assigned waiter from the tablet.
FT:The website shall continue to operate if the payment gateway goes down.
FT:The system should warn ECA users about the malfunction of the system.
FT:The product shall be robust with fault tolerance.The product shall have fault tolerance by using recovery technique compensatory transaction and routing around failures.
FT:The product shall retain user preferences in the event of a failure.
FT:The product shall be robust.The product shall have fault avoidance based on standards adoption.
FT:The product shall allow the user to view previously downloaded search results CMA reports  and appointments.
FT:The system shall accommodate large data items without fault.
FT:The system shall be capable of restoring itself to its previous state in the event of failure (e.g. a system crash or power loss).
L:The PHP code will comply with PEAR standards.
L:The website will comply with W3C standards.
L:The Disputes application must conform to the legal requirements as specified by the Merchant Operating Regulations.
L:The System shall meet all applicable accounting standards.  The final version of the System must successfully pass independent audit performed by a certified auditor.
L:All business rules specified in the Disputes System shall be in compliance with the Merchant Operating Regulations.
L:All actions that modify an existing dispute case must be recorded in the case history.
L:The Disputes application must conform to the legal requirements as specified by Regulation E and Regulation Z that govern credit card disputes processing.
L:The product shall comply with the estimatics laws relating to recycled parts usage.
L:The Disputes application must maintain a detailed history of every action that a user takes on a dispute case.  This ensures a complete audit trail if questions arise later on with regard to a particular dispute case.
L:The client should agree to EULA before using our software.
L:The calculations performed by the system must comply according to the norms set by the user and should not vary unless explicitly changed by the user.
L:All business rules specified in the Disputes System shall be in compliance to the guidelines of Regulation E and Regulation Z.
LF:When the offensive player takes a shot  the product shall simulate the sound of a ship at sea.
LF:Each page shall contain a similar format with action items in one location and navigation buttons in a different location.
LF:All screens created as part of the Disputes application must comply with corporate standards for interface creation.
LF:The system should use the company colors and logos.
LF:The look and feel of the system shall conform to the user interface standards of the smart device.
LF:The system shall be displayable on any work computer a CCR user may have. The system interface shall be formatted to display at 800 by 600 pixel resolution.
LF:The system shall provide a uniform look and feel between all the web pages.
LF:When a shot is marked as a hit  the product shall simulate the sound of a shot hitting its target.
LF:It should give a drill-down view of all data in the medical record after logging in.
LF:The website shall be attractive to all audiences.  The website shall appear to be fun and the colors should be bright and vibrant.
LF:Be intuitive even to first time users
LF:The application shall match the color of the schema set forth by Department of Homeland Security
LF:The website shall not be offensive to religious or ethnic groups.
LF:The system shall have a professional appearance
LF:The system shall use a text-based interface to display a listing of available mail.
LF:The Disputes application shall comply with the corporate standards for user interface creation for internally and externally used applications.
LF:The product shall have a conservative and professional appearance.
LF:The product shall comply with City of Chicago Application Development Guide Framework.Application Development Framework will provide structured Graphical User Interface.
LF:The interface shall have a simple look. In the interface and usability survey  90% of beta testers must report that the interface is adequately simple.
LF:The interface must summarize the data in a fashion that\92s appealing to CCR management. Every report type must have at least one high level summary shown in the results dashboard/interface
LF:The intranet pages should display appropriately in all resolutions  from 800x600 and higher. The display of all the pages will be correct in 95% of the resolutions  prior to implementation. The remaining 5% will be corrected within a week of notification of the incorrect display.
LF:The system shall show a tabbed display (or equivalent functionality) with the campus map on one tab and info on the most recently announced building on the other.
LF:The appearance of the product shall appear professional
LF:The product must comply with the intranet page standards and requirements of ENET Securities. 95% of the product look & feel will be approved by the Architecture group  prior to implementation. The remaining 5% will be corrected and approved within one month of product release.
LF:The product shall have a consistent color scheme and fonts.
LF:The campus map shall have a pause/resume button. The pause and resume button will allow the user to scroll and select other buildings without being interrupted by the automatic search and announce feature.
LF:The website design should be modern  clean  and concise.
LF:The system interface will use CCR nomenclature. The system must use the same nomenclature used in the existing WCS system and reports
LF:The website should cater to all tribes in Nigeria.
LF:The message board shall contain the 5 most recently posted messages on the league page. The messages will contain up to the first 150 characters of the message.
LF:The product shall simulate the look of ships at sea.
LF:The website should appeal to all Africans  not only Nigerians.
LF:The system shall use IBM and CCR branding standards. The interface must have one IBM logo and one CCR logo.
LF:The product shall display the grids within a circle as a view from a periscope.
LF:The product\92s Look and Feel shall be able to incorporate aspects of the customer\92s organization such as logo  branding  and identity
LF:The website should have an African feel  but should not alienate non-Africans.  The website should use animation on pages which are describing the services  to grab the users attention and encourage them to sign up.
LF:The campus map shall provide visual clues regarding what areas have prepared audio and therefore may be selected.
LF:The interface shall be appealing to callers and supervisors. In the interface and usability survey  80% of beta testers must report that the interface is appealing.
LF:Each page shall contain a navigation menu which shows the index into which the current page is contained.
MN:Application updates shall occur between 3AM and 6 AM CST on Wednesday morning during the middle of the NFL season.
MN:Washing parameters will be updated during scheduled maintenance hours.
MN:The product shall continue to operate during upgrade  change or new resource addition.The product shall be able to continue to operate with no interruption in service due to new resource additions.
MN:All source code shall adhere to an agreed upon and well-defined set of coding standards for each development language used.
MN:Changes to revenue and expense formulae must be applied to the RFS system  every year  prior to the budgeting process start. Revenue and expense formulae will be updated within one week of their receipt  after which 2 weeks will be allotted to testing of the budget calculations  to be conducted jointly by the project development team and PCG Finance.
MN:The application should be easy to extend. The code should be written in a way that it favors implementation of new functions.
MN:New System version releases shall be released at the beginning of each NFL season.
MN:All source code and development related documents shall be controlled under a version control system.
MN:Test environments should be built for the application to allow testing of the applications different functions.
MN:The product shall operate with every platform.The product shall accommodate any new technology without any change in its architecture.
MN:The WCS system must run queries to the WCS databases once again (on a specified day) to update the available data available to CCR users. Queries must be made to external databases for data refresh once a week.
MN:The product shall be internet browser independent.The product must run using Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator.
MN:New branches/complexes/districts/regions and revenue/expense accounts added to the BDW  must be reflected in the RFS system. 100% of the entities (mentioned above) available as of October month-end  will be loaded into the RFS system  prior to the budget start process.
MN:The product must be designed using Design Patterns and coding best practices.  90% of maintenance software developers are able to integrate new functionality into the product with 2 working days.
MN:Promotional updates to the website should take a day to update.
MN:All changes  updates  and additions to the WCS system shall be updated in the WCS Developer and WCS User Guides. Every change must be reflected in WCS system documentation
MN:Maintenance releases will be offered to customers once a year.  The releases shall take no longer than 5 minutes for 80% of the customer base to install.
MN:Detailed documentation of the code and SRS will enable easy maintenance of the Flea Market.
MN:The product shall be updated on a regular basis.The product will have a new major feature introduced every six months and quarterly maintenance releases every six months.
O:The washing process must use a non binding  neutral data format  such as xml  when receiving and processing lead data.
O:The product shall interface with the ChoiceParts system once per day at approximately 1:00 AM.
O:The product will require collaboration with a database management system (DBMS).  The DBMS may be located on the same machine as the product or on a separate machine residing on the same computer network.
O:The system shall utilise periodic 30-second keep-alive messages between tablets and the server to monitor tablet operational status.
O:It must only update the parts that have changed when connecting to the server.
O:The system shall able to operate within a business office environment typical of the Nursing Department at DePaul University.
O:Movies shall be encoded for 56k and 256k streams.
O:The product shall be available for distribution as a packaged CD.
O:All aspects of the website shall be accessed by a web browser over the Internet.
O:A secondary database will be used to store historical statistics and data.
O:The product must support Internet Explorer 5.5 and above.
O:The product will function alongside server software on any operating system where the Java runtime can be installed.
O:The product must be able to interface with any HTML browser.  The product shall transmit data between the user and the product without problems. The product shall display HTML properly in 80% of all HTML browsers tested (minimum is to test 8 browsers).
O:The system should be able to manage all the information incoming from the database and the catalogue.
O:The System shall not require additional third party licenses resulting in royalty fees.
O:The product shall be used in office environments.
O:The product shall be based on web and has to be run from a web server.
O:The product shall run on the existing hardware for all environments.
O:98% of the user workstations shall meet the minimum software requirements prior to implementation: Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0. Microsoft .NET Framework 1.1. Microsoft Internet Explorer Web Controls
O:The Disputes application shall interface with the Statement Database. The Statement Database provides the transaction details to the Disputes System. All transaction details must be obtained from the Statement Database
O:The product must be developed with the J2SE/J2EE programming language libraries
O:The RFS system should be able to easily interface with the BDW environment  in order to load the data. \95	7 data files shall be received from the BDW and loaded into the RFS system within 3 hours one day prior to the start of budgeting process  every year. The data will be as of October month-end. 	Test files (7) shall be loaded up to 5 times throughout the year  from the BDW.
O:The product shall be able to be installed in any operating environment within 2 days.
O:Product installations and upgrades shall be handled by the middleware technology team within established launch time frames.
O:The product must work with most database management systems (DBMS) on the market  whether the DBMS is colocated with the product on the same machine or is located on a different machine on the computer network.
O:The Disputes application shall interface with the Cardmember Information Database. The Cardmember Information Database provides detailed information with regard to a cardmember. All cardmember detail information must be obtained from the Cardmember Information Database.
O:It must be able to change and update information on the server.
O:The available server must be reliable and the network connectivity in the supermarket should be proper for smooth flow of all operations and data.
O:A database management system such as Oracle  DB2  MySql or HSQL will need to be integrated with the product.
O:The Disputes applications shall interface with the Merchant Information Database. The Merchant Information Database provides detailed information with regard to the merchant. All merchant detail information shall be obtained from the Merchant Information Database.
O:The system should have to keep the location where the doughnut will be send.
O:The Brio portion of the WCS system must be able to export files in spreadsheet form (Microsoft Excel and Lotus 1-2-3 formats).  Brio will provide buttons in the user interface that produce/export reports in .xls or .123 file formats.
O:All data entry forms for the application should match their Microsoft Excel hardcopy counterparts as closely as possible. Hardcopies of these forms were provided to the design team during the second requirements interview.
O:Website must interface with the CyberSource API to process credit card transactions.
O:The maintenance of the product will fall within the established corporate maintenance windows.
O:The system provides storage of all databases on redundant computers with automatic switchover.
O:The lead washing process will operate within the established physical web service structure.
O:The product shall interface with the Choice Parts System.  This provides the feed of recycled parts data.
O:The System shall utilize currently owned computer equipment.
O:The System shall be able to automatically backup business data and restore them on demand.
O:The product is expected to integrate with multiple database management systems. The product will operate with Oracle  SQL Server  DB2  MySQL  HSQL  and MS Access.
O:The product shall be supported using the corporate support center.
O:Website must be fully operational with MSN TV2.
O:The website should use Flash to provide animation on the home page.
O:The Disputes application shall interface with the Letters application.  This will allow the Disputes application to request letters as part of the dispute initiation and dispute follow up process. All letter requests must be sent to the Print Letter Utility application.
O:98% of the user workstations shall meet the minimum hardware requirements prior to implementation. Minimum Hard Disk Space:  400MB.
O:The product must make use of web/application server technology.  Open source examples include Apache web server  Tomcat  and the JBoss application server.
O:Movies shall be encoded and streamed via Windows Media Player 9.0.
O:A primary database will be used to store cached data for active users.
O:For estimators  the product shall be able to be operated in a repair facility during dirty and noisy conditions.
O:We must be able to interface with the following browsers: IE 5.X  6.0  Netscape 6.x  7.x  8.x and Firefox 1.0.
O:The product shall interface CSR and Datastream.The product shall exchange messages between CSR and EAM on a real time basis without any direct interfaces between two systems.
O:For the system to successfully operate the registration system should be integrated with other IT services and the portal.
O:The application shall run on a web application server.
O:The system shall be evoked by typing “pine” into a command or shell prompt.
O:The product must be able to interface with various email servers. The product shall be able to send email.
O:The system shall operate within the Windows XP Professional operating system.
O:The product shall be platform independent.The product shall enable access to any type of development environment and platform.
O:Flea Market system will interface with the web server and RDBMS software using APIs provided by the implementation language
O:The product must support Mozilla Firefox 1.0 and above.
O:The same hardware supporting the current website will be used to support the new system.
PE:When streaming a movie  the buffering time should take no longer than 10 seconds (plus any latency on the user\92s connection.)
PE:The product interface should be fast. The response time of the product interface should not exceed 2 seconds 90% of the time. For 10% of the time  the response time should not be more than 10 seconds.not be more than 10 seconds.
PE:System shall let administrator add/remove movies on the website in under 5 minutes.  Entered movie information will be stored in the database and will now be available on the website.
PE:The System shall allow for a minimum of  6 users to work at the same time.
PE:Recreation of Inventory Quantity Adjustment for the period of previous 30 days shall take no more than 30min.
PE:The application shall be able to complete every user transaction within one fourth of a second of receiving the request over the network.
PE:The response time shall be fast enough to maintain the flow of the game. The response time shall be no more than 2 seconds for 95% of responses and no more than 4% for the remaining responses.
PE:The search for the preferred repair facility shall take no longer than 8 seconds.  The preferred repair facility is returned within 8 seconds
PE:System shall let customers register on the website as a \93pay as you go\94 user in under 5 minutes.
PE:The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved within 5 seconds. The save shall occur within 5 seconds.
PE:The product shall take initial load time depending on internet connection strength which also depends on the media from which the product is run.
PE:Izogn Administrator must be able to add new products to the website within 2 minutes.
PE:While streaming a movie  buffering should only occur if there is latency in the user\92s connection.
PE:System shall let customers register on the website as a \93unlimited movie subscriber\94 user in under 10 minutes.
PE:The system may be throttled or slowed down on heavy loads to ensure service for everybody. By throttling is meant that certain functionality may be unavailable during heavy server load.
PE:For leads that process longer than 25 seconds the system will record the event and duration
PE:The product shall provide Asynchronous Messaging.The product shall provide asynchronous messaging to enable parallel processing and reduce the overhead in communications
PE:The product shall poll the system for messages every second.The product shall poll the system for new messages at a maximum of every 1 second.
PE:Responses to queries shall take no longer than 7 seconds to load onto the screen after the user submits the query.
PE:The system shall support up to 10000 simultaneous users against the central database at any given time and up to 5000 simultaneous users against the local servers at any one time. The performance of the website must be optimal incase of huge loads and hence appropriate load balancing must be done to achieve this. There can be any number of mirror servers readily available in case of huge loads without the user getting any delay.
PE:The product shall generate a CMA report in an acceptable time.
PE:Responses to view information shall take no longer than 5 seconds to appear on the screen.
PE:Staff members shall be able to complete a set of tasks in a timely manner.
PE:The search for recycled parts shall take no longer than 15 seconds.  The search results shall be returned in under 15 seconds.
PE:The product shall synchronize contacts and appointments in an acceptable time.
PE:System shall let customers cancel their account  process shall take no longer than 2 minutes.  Database will mark the account as inactive  and user will not be able to log into the website.
PE:Administrator shall be able to activate a pre-paid card via the Administration section in under 5 seconds.
PE:The application should be able to support 100 concurrent users without any performance degradation.
PE: Customer shall be able to check the status of their prepaid card  by entering in the PIN number  in under 5 seconds.
PE:The product shall protect the identity of the players. The product shall provide players no access to information that might reveal the identity of another player.
PE:The product shall produce search results in an acceptable time
PE:On a 56k connection  the system response time for all operations must be no more than 6 seconds 90% of the time.
PE:The system shall be responsive. At the DePaul TeleServices Center  when a supervisor uses the system to view a callers schedule  the system response time must be no more than 2 seconds 90% of the time and no more than 5 seconds the rest of the time.
PE:System shall let Izogn Manager access sales and usage statistics in under 2 minutes.
PE:The process must fit within the processing time conditions set forth by the Auto Rep Assignment process in which a lead is assigned within 3 minutes of the total life cycle.
PE:All Web pages generated by the system shall be fully downloadable in no more than 10 seconds over a 40KBps modem connection.
PE:System shall let administrator de-activate a customer account in under 1 minute. Customer will no longer be able to access the website.
PE:When purchasing a streaming movie or pre-paid card via credit card  the processing time should have a maximum response time of 15 seconds.
PE:System shall let administrators generate unique pre-paid pins in under 2 minutes and generate an Excel file with the generated PINs.
PE:System shall let the administrator add/remove categories on the website in under 5 minutes.
PE:On a 112k connection or faster  the system response time for all operations must be no more than 3 seconds 90% of the time.
PE:Izogn Administrator must be able to update the category listings on the website within 2 minutes.
PE:The search results shall be returned no later 30 seconds  after the user has entered the search criteria
PE:High level of performance requires high speed network and high level of connectivity.
PE:No lead evaluation will complete in a time period longer than 25 seconds for 97% of all leads processed.
PE:The performance shall depend upon hardware components of the client/customer.
PE:The response time of general student management tasks shall take no longer than 5 seconds and the response time of schedule generation shall take no longer than 30 seconds.
PE:The product shall respond fast to keep up-to-date data in the display.
PE:The product shall process messages within 2 seconds.The product shall have a maximum message processing time of 2 seconds
PE:The system is expected to have reasonable short time response. The voter should be able to login and should be able to get response for his requests in 2-3 seconds.
PE:The product shall able to handle a large number of games simultaneously.
PE:The CMA report shall be returned no later 60 seconds after the user has entered the CMA report criteria.
PE:System shall let existing customers log into the website with their email address and password in under 5 seconds.
PO:The application should be portable with iOS and Android.
PO:Since the software must run on several popular hardware platforms and the goal is to achieve a reasonable level of platform independence.
PO:The product is Web based therefore it will be used in any environment that allows Web access.
PO:The product is expected to run on Windows CE and Palm operating systems.
PO:The system will support mobile users in some way.
PO:The system shall be compatible with IIS6.0 and above or  Apache 2.0 and above.
PO:The system will fully function in major browsers.
PO:An end-user may use this system on any OS; either it is Windows or Linux.
PO:The system shall run on Windows Server 2003.
SC:The product shall be expected to operate for at least 5 years for each customer installation.
SC:The product shall be capable of handling up to 1 000 concurrent requests.  This number will increase to 2 000 by Release 2.  The concurrency capacity must be able to handle peak scheduling times such as early morning and late afternoon hours.
SC:The WCS system shall have the ability to connect other designated WCS databases currently not included in the system.
SC:The average number of recycled parts records per day shall be 50 000.
SC:The product shall be able to process all transactions.The product shall process minimum of 1 million transactions per year.
SC:The system shall cater to 10 simultaneous users from 9am to 5pm.
SC:The streaming server will support a maximum of 700 movies; new servers can be added to support more movies.
SC:The product shall be capable of handling the existing 1000 users. This number is expected to grow 5 times within the next year.
SC:The product shall be able support 1000 simultaneous users.
SC:The product shall be able to handle 10 000 concurrent users within 2 years of the initial launch.
SC:The system should be able to scale up to 500 concurrent users (if there is a need in the future) by installing additional hardware components.
SC:The server will support a maximum of 1 000 simultaneous users.
SC:system shall be able to handle all of the user requests/usage during business hours.
SC:The language of the product shall accommodate all of the target market countries. 90% of survey respondents from each target market country will find that the language of the product is acceptable.
SC:The system shall be capable of processing 100% of nursing students and their classes for the next 10 years.
SC:The product shall be able to process 10 000 transactions per hour within two years of its launch.  This number will increase to 20 000 by Release 2.
SC:The system shall be expected to manage the nursing program curriculum and class/clinical scheduling for a minimum of 5 years.
SE:The product shall ensure that only supervisors can view schedule of all callers.The product must ensure that supervisors are allowed to access advertise empty time slots.
SE:Only valid data shall be entered into the system. No invalid data shall be entered into the system.
SE:Each user shall either be trusted or not trusted.
SE:The product shall ensure that only company employees or external users with company-approved user IDs may have product access.  100% of all logons shall be by either company employees or external users with company-approved user IDs.
SE:Fit Criterion: Dr Susan Poslusny and Karen Sysol are the only people who shall have access to the final class section scheduling for the system that interfaces with CampusConnect.
SE:Dr Susan Poslusny and Dr Julie Donalek are the only people who shall have access to students\92 personal information.
SE:A display shall not require a user to log in.
SE:Only managers are able to perform search queries for reservations by user.  100% of all search queries for reservations by user shall be from logons of only management logons.
SE:Only collision estimators shall search for recycled parts.  Users without the collision estimator role shall not have access to the search for recycled parts.
SE:Personal information security is defined outside the scope of the SDMS by the database server.
SE:The system shall be built such that it is as secure as possible from malicious interference.
SE:Normal users can just read information but they cannot edit or modify anything except their personal and some other information.
SE:The product shall information Security. The product shall enable privacy by encryption WS-Security and Integrity Checking.
SE:The Disputes application shall ensure that only authorized users are allowed to logon to the application.
SE:All transactions at the Flea Market require a valid user ID and password.
SE:The customer’s web browser shall never display a customer’s credit card number after retrieving from the database.  It shall always be shown with just the last 4 digits of the credit card number.
SE:Only registered realtors shall be able to access the system.
SE:All additions of new users and modifications to user\92s access shall be recorded on the User Report.
SE:To prevent attacks the system should generate random word and ask the user to enter it correctly for multiple tryings.
SE:The system’s back-end servers shall only be accessible to authenticated administrators.
SE:Only authorized users shall have access to clinical site information.
SE:The system shall use secure sockets in all transactions that include any confidential customer information.
SE:A waiter that attempts to log into a second tablet while already logged into another tablet shall be rejected and notified through both tablets.
SE:System will have different types of users and every user has access constraints.
SE:A waiter password used for tablet login must have a bit-strength of at least 64 bits.
SE:Sensitive data will be encrypted before being sent over insecure connections like the internet.
SE:A surface computer shall not require a user to log in.
SE:The product shall free of computer viruses.
SE:The system shall only be accessed by authorized Corporate Community Grants (CCR) employees. Users must be authenticated using their IBM intranet user name and password.
SE:The website shall protect itself from intentional abuse  and notify the administrator at all occurrences.
SE:Only authorized personnel can access customer records in the database.
SE:The product shall prevent its data from incorrect data being introduced.
SE:The WCS system shall not allow automatic logins by any user. Cookies containing WCS login information about a user will not be stored on a user\92s computer.
SE:Customers must have a valid login id to enter into the site.
SE:The system shall reveal private information only in compliance with the organization\92s information policy.
SE:The product shall have audit capabilities.The product shall store messages for a minimum of one year for audit and transaction tracking purposes.
SE:Only users who have been authorized for home access to the corporate Intranet may use the COS from non-company locations.
SE:Only the System Administrator shall be able to reset a revoked user logon account
SE:Each account must securely store all of its data.
SE:The product shall have security.The product shall provide authentication  and authorization.
SE:The product shall ensure that the database\92s data corresponds to the data entered by the user.  Each conference room reservation in the system will contain the same information as was entered by the user.
SE:All customer information will be stored on a secure database  accessible only to authorized personnel.
SE:The system’s back-end servers shall never display a customer’s password.  The customer’s password may be reset but never shown.
SE:The product shall provide players no access to information that might reveal the identity of another player
SE:The system shall have basic data integrity checking to reduce the possibility of incorrect or invalid data being introduced.
SE:The System shall maintain consistent security.  Any changes in user passwords and/or permissions should take affect in all parts of the System.
SE:Only users with Update access must be able to initiate dispute requests.
SE:The system shall automatically log out all customers after a period of inactivity.
SE:If a user account is revoked  it can only be re-instantiated by the System Administrator.
SE:The data transaction between client and server must be encrypted using SSL technology.
SE:System will use secured database
SE:The website shall make its user aware of its information practices before collection data from them via a Privacy Policy  accessible on all pages of the website.
SE:The system will use a single password per user to login to the E-Store System.
SE:Users shall be required to log into the system for all operations except the operations on the login page.
SE:Only authorized personnel can access sales information.
SE:The system shall not leave any cookies on the customer’s computer containing any of the user’s confidential information.
SE:A correct combination of username and password is required for a user to login.
SE:Only administrators can activate a pre-paid card.
SE:Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members are the only people who shall have access to clinical site details.
SE:The product shall ensure that only supervisors can enter a caller\92s schedule.The product must ensure that supervisors are allowed to access advertise empty time slots.
SE:Secure data transfer over the Internet could be provided using SSL encryption that will be configured by the host system administrator.
SE:The system use SSL (secured socket layer) in all transactions that include any confidential customer information.
SE:Only authorized users shall have access to students\92 personal information.
SE:Only registered customers can purchase streaming movies.
SE:All network transactions that involve financial information or personally identifiable information shall be encrypted.
SE:The system should not leave any cookies on the customer’s computer containing the user’s password.
SE:The System shall granularly control access rights to all major subsystems.  It should be possible to assign access rights to all subsystems independently.
SE:A tablet shall require a user to log in using a username and password.
SE:Everyone (stakeholders and guests) can have access to the system and the catalogue. Every client must have secure and private access to his/her data. The  and the service man can have access to every part of the system. All these accesses (except the “guest tour” access) require identification through ID and password.
SE:System use shall not cause any harm to human users.
SE:Each team owner will need to use a username and password in order to be authenticated to reach the team owner\92s page
SE:The system shall protect private information in accordance with the organization\92s information policy.
SE:Only authorized user shall access the RFS system. ONLY users that exist in the UAS system  with the RFS system assigned to their role(s)  shall access the RFS system and use it.
SE:The customer’s web browser shall never display a customer’s password.  It shall always be echoed with special characters representing typed characters.
SE:The system shall utilize HTTPS communication to ensure data confidentiality.
SE:Logout must be automatic after 1 hour of inactivity.
SE:The Disputes application shall ensure that only users with the appropriate access level are allowed to initiate dispute requests.
SE:The product shall prevent the input of malicious data.  The product and/or adjacent hardware/software systems\92 data shall remain 100% uncorrupted each time malicious data is input into the product.
SE:All login attempts shall be done so in a secure manner.
SE:A secure server will be required to ensure confidentiality of customer’s credit card and other details.
SE:All credit card information will be secured on the server  and only accessible by authorized Izogn administrators.  Information will be encrypted in the database.
SE:The Commissioner will be the only authorized user per league to adjust league settings.
SE:Only adjusters with a supervisor role can update preferred repair facility ratings. Users without the supervisor role cannot access the repair facility ratings.
SE:All updates to data files or database must be initiated from the Disputes System.
SE:The IP addresses where the transaction was made from will be logged.
SE:Unauthorised users can only read data without modifying anything.
SE:The system’s back-end databases shall be encrypted.
SE:The streaming server will have anti-virus software to prevent infection of malicious viruses.
SE:All users of the system shall login using some form of unique identification.
SE:Full data backups must be created daily.
SE:Every user of the system shall be authenticated and authorized.
SE:The Disputes application shall manipulate and view business data. Users will not have direct access to data files or databases.
SE:The system shall prevent malicious attacks including denial of service.
SE:Data integrity scripts will be run on a weekly basis to verify the integrity of the database.
SE:The system will develop a security system that will reduce to the minimum the possibility of corruption from systems and/or humans.
SE:User access should be limited to the permissions granted to their role(s) Each level in the PCG hierarchy will be assigned a role and users will be assigned to these roles. Access to functionality within RFS system is dependent on the privileges/permission assigned to the role..
SE:A waiter shall only be able to log into one tablet at any given instance of time.
SE:One insurance company shall not be able to view another insurance companys claim data.
SE:User passwords will be stored in the database in an encrypted format.
SE:User authentication and privileges are defined outside the scope of the sytem by the Microsoft Active Directroy Server.
US:All CCR users shall receive training before the WCS system is deployed. One training session will be held for 100% of CCR users before system deployment (based on a CCR user being available)
US:The system shall be easy to learn by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors shall learn how to use the system within 10 minutes.
US:The number of mistakes noted by the students shall be decreased by 50% in the first year.
US:The product shall increase productivity of Collision Estimators. 80% of the Collision Estimators shall agree their productivity has increase within 1 month of using the product.
US:An anonymous survey will show that 70% of customers are comfortable purchasing streaming movies after 2 weeks using the website.
US:The system shall be intuitive to the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
US:The menus of the system must be easily navigable by the users with buttons that are easy to understand.
US:The system shall provide handicap access.
US:95% of users will not need to read the user manual to be able to use the application.
US:An employee will be able to successfully use the product within a few minutes.  After informally navigating the product for less than 15 minutes  users shall be able to successfully setup meetings and reserve conference rooms.
US:A user shall be able to use the system without instruction after a short amount of time. After one use a user should understand and remember 90% of the system usage and navigation.
US:The product shall use a standard navigation menu familiar to most web users.
US:The product shall retain the customer\92s buying preferences and information.
US:The system shall be intuitive and self explanatory.
US:The verbiage used within the system shall be consistent with Standard English and the terminology of the national Nursing Community.
US:The system shall allow the user to scroll the campus map from the campus map tab.
US:Reports must be easy to generate. Reports must be generated within one button click and exported within one button click (after selecting the report)
US:An anonymous survey will show that 95% of customers are comfortable using and purchasing pre-paid cards after a month of using the system.
US:The system shall be easy to use by the Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members.
US:The system shall provide a digital image for each product in the product catalog.
US:The product shall allow for intuitive searching of available conference rooms.
US:The product shall be easy to use by Adjusters and Collision Estimators.  95% of Adjusters and Collision Estimators shall find the product easy to use.
US:The product shall allow for customization of start page and views preferences.
US:The application shall ask the user to confirm dropping a player or trading a player before performing the action.
US:A new user shall be able to navigate through the league and team pages within 30 seconds of reaching the start-up page.
US:The product shall be able to display calendar dates and times according to the user\92s locale.  90% of survey respondents from each target market country will find that the date and time formatting of the product is correct.
US:The website will provide a help section with answers and solutions to common problems.
US:The product shall provide Portals.The product shall help System Administrators to analyze the transactions with ad-hoc reporting and KPIs (Key Performance Indicators)
US:Users shall be able to view at least 25 NFL player statistics and points on each page.
US:The system shall be easy to use by callers and supervisors. Callers and supervisors must be able to accomplish any system task within 2 minutes.
US:Users should only have to navigate through a maximum of 4 pages  to create an account with the website.
US:The system shall help the user avoid making mistakes while scheduling classes and clinicals for the nursing students.
US:Users should be able to access their streaming movies in under 2 clicks after logging into the website.
US:The entire website must be user-friendly and easily navigable. The website must be provided with a site map for quick access to a particular link according to the requirement specification. The user must be able to find what he/she wants from the site without any difficulty. The website must adhere to branding schemes and the layout of the web pages must be uniform throughout  
US:The product shall conform to the Americans with Disabilities Act.
US:The system should need to be entirely self-supporting since the users would be using it only to register courses.
US:The WCS system shall use appropriate nomenclature and terminology as defined by the Corporate Community Grants organization. All interfaces and reports will undergo usability tests by CCR users.
US:All of the users shall be able to use the system after one day of training.
US:The system must be easy to use by both managers and chefs such that they do not need to read an extensive amount of manuals.
US:A new user must be able to be added to the system within 10 minutes. 90% of new users are able to log into the system within 10 minutes.
US:Users shall be able to reach the \91add\92  \91drop\92  and \91trade player\92 pages with one click from the team owner\92s page.
US:The system shall provide a way to return to the startup screen.
US:The system shall confirm all transactions with the customer’s web browser.
US:The users should be able to easily use the system to successfully complete their budgets  within the stipulated time for completion. With a week of training prior to product implementation  98% of the users shall complete their budgets within the stipulated time.
US:The product shall be translated into foreign languages other than the target market countries\92 languages in future releases.  For each emerging target market  it shall take no more than 5 days to configure the product for that market\92s language.
US:The product shall be easy to use. 90% of users will be able to successfully reserve a conference room within 5 minutes of product use.
US:The product shall give users feedback when necessary. 80% of the users surveyed report that the product accurately confirms their actions.
US:The product shall provide Monitoring Services.The product shall be easy for System Administrators and DBAs to use after two weeks of usage.
US:If projected  the data must be readable.  On a 10x10 projection screen  90% of viewers must be able to read Event / Activity data from a viewing distance of 30
US:The system shall provide multi language support.
US:The interface shall be easy to use. 90% of users should be able to successfully use the system to generate a report on their first use. The interface should adhere to IBM usability standards.
US:It should not take more than 120 seconds for a new user to register for an account.
US:The product shall be intuitive and self-explanatory.  Nine out ten users shall be able to successfully complete a game with no training.
US:2 out of 3 Program Administrators/Nursing Staff Members shall successfully be able to use the system to manage the scheduling of classes and clinicals.
US:The product should be able to be used by 90% of novice users on the Internet.
US:Every registered user will have access to the product\92s support site via the Internet.  70% of registered users shall find a solution to their problem within 5 minutes of using the support site.
US:If projected  the data must be understandable. On a 10x10 projection screen  90% of viewers must be able to determine that Events or Activities are occuring in current time from a viewing distance of 100
US:The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the realtor community.
US:The system shall provide use of icons and toolbars.
US:The product shall be easy for customers with novice skills on the  Internet to purchase and watch streaming movies.  Customers should be able to purchase and watch a pre-determined movie in under 3 minutes.
US:90% of untrained realtors shall be able to install the product on their device without printed instructions
US:100% of merchant services representatives shall be able to successfully perform a follow up action on a dispute case on the first encounter after completing the training course.
US:The product shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by users familiar with websites
US:The product shall provide Error Tracking Services.The product shall help the System Administrators and DBAs to resolve transaction errors 99% of the time.
US:100% of the cardmember and merchant services representatives shall use the Disputes application regularly after a 2-day training course.
US:The list of dispute cases that are displayed after a search is performed must be color coded for easy identification of dispute cases based upon the dispute case status.
US:The website will use standard Internet conventions when interacting with the user.
US:The product shall be available to players who understand English  Spanish and French.  The product shall allow the user to select the language upon accessing the product.